Update changelog with description of date input changes (#1021)
nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

<p class="nhsuk-u-font-size-36">
```

- Updated default `name` attributes for Date input component

> The default name attributes for the date input elements now use square brackets around the date part, for instance `dob[day]`, `dob[month]`, `dob[year]`. Previously they used hyphens (`dob-day`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default name attributes for the date input elements now use square brackets around the date part. For example: `dob[day]`, `dob[month]`, `dob[year]`. Previously they used hyphens (`dob-day`, `dob-month`, `dob-year`). 
```

> The square brackets mean that the date parts will get combined into an object when using the NHS Prototype Kit, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The square brackets mean that the date parts will be saved as an object when using the NHS Prototype Kit, like this:
```

```json
{
  "dob": {
    "day": "13",
    "month": "12",
    "year": "1984"
  }  
}
```

This allows the values to be more easily pre-filled, which you can now do by passing an object to the `values` key:

```njk
{{ dateInput({
  namePrefix: "dob",
  fieldset: {
    legend: {
      text: "What is your date of birth?"
    }
  },
  values: data.dob
}) }}  
```

> 

Reviewer: I'd add a line showing how to use the individual parts. Eg how to access from nunjucks.

You can override this new default by setting the `name` attribute on the individual date parts within `items`:

```njk
{{ dateInput({
  fieldset: {
    legend: {
      text: "What is your date of birth?"
    }
  },
  items: [
    {
      name: "dob-day",
      label: "Day",
      classes: "nhsuk-input--width-2"
    },
    {
      name: "dob-month",
      label: "Month",
      classes: "nhsuk-input--width-2"
    },
    {
      name: "dob-year",
      label: "Year",
      classes: "nhsuk-input--width-4"
    }
  ]
}) }}
```

> This change was made in [PR 994](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/pull/994).

Author: @anandamaryon1 think I've done this now, following the format in the first bullet (`- Updated back link and breadcrumbs ([PR 1002](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/pull/1002))`)

The middle one (`- Replaced font size class `nhsuk-u-font-size-32` with `nhsuk-u-font-size-36`, based on the new type scale`) doesn't link to the PR yet though?

Also I wonder if these should be sub-sub-headings instead of bullets?

> This change was made in [PR 994](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/pull/994).

Reviewer 2: Thanks, that's it. 

Oh yes, good spot, I'll add it in on this branch/PR, to save making another PR for it.

<p class="nhsuk-u-font-size-36">
```

- Updated default `name` attributes for Date input component ([PR 994](https://github.com/nhsuk/nhsuk-frontend/pull/994))

The default name attributes for the date input elements now use square brackets around the date part. For example: `dob[day]`, `dob[month]`, `dob[year]`. Previously they used hyphens (`dob-day`, `dob-month`, `dob-year`). 

> The square brackets mean that the date parts will be saved as an object when using the NHS Prototype Kit, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The square brackets mean that the date parts will be saved as an object when using the NHS prototype kit, like this:
```

Looks like these are [usually lowercase](https://nhsuk-prototype-kit.azurewebsites.net/docs).
